Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S!"
COME ON, GUYS,
DIG IN ALREADY.
IT'S NOT EVERY DAY
WE GET TAKEN OUT
TO FANCY
RESTAURANTS LIKE THIS!
THIS WHOLE SITUATION IS SUSPECT.
HA HA, WE JUST WANTED
TO TAKE YOU GUYS OUT.
THAT'S ALL.
SO THERE'S NOTHING
YOU WANT FROM US?
I MEAN, THERE IS THIS ONE
LITTLE FAVOR, BUT THAT'S--
I KNEW IT,
HERE IT COMES.
IT'S NOTHING BIG,
THERE'S JUST THIS GUY,
AND HE'S GOT AMNESIA,
AND HE WAS FOUND ON THE
BEACH LAST WEEK AND, WELL...
SECURITY CAN'T WATCH HIM,
BUT HE DOESN'T KNOW
WHERE ELSE TO GO.
SO YOU WANNA DUMP
THIS GUY ON US?
COME ON, YOU THREE,
THIS GUY NEEDS HELP.
NOT A CHANCE.
SO YOUR NAME'S
BRUNO, IS THAT RIGHT?
YEAH, I THINK
THAT'S MY NAME,
BUT I'M HAVING
KIND OF A HARD TIME
REMEMBERING SOME
THINGS ABOUT MYSELF.
LOOK, MAYBE YOU CAN
HELP ME FIGURE THIS OUT.
IS THIS A PLANETARY
PARTICLE ENGINE DESIGN?
UH, YEAH, HOW DID YOU--
HAVE YOU
CONSTRUCTED IT YET?
NOT ONE THAT WORKS.
WELL, THE CONTROL PROGRAM
LOOKS PRETTY TIGHT,
BUT WITHOUT AN INTERMEDIATE
COMPILER BUILT INTO YOUR CODE,
YOU COULD BE LOSING
PROCESSING TIME.
LISTEN, BRUNO,
IF YOU WANT,
YOU CAN CRASH
HERE WITH US
UNTIL YOU FIGURE THINGS OUT.
YEAH;
YOU DON'T MIND?
I'VE GOTTA MAKE THIS NEW ENGINE
MODEL BEFORE THE GRAND PRIX,
AND I THINK WITH YOUR HELP,
I CAN, SO WHAT DO YOU SAY?
YOU WANNA BUILD
THIS BABY?
YOU GOT IT!
♪
AND DONE!
THIS DESIGN
IS GONNA WORK.
YEAH, WE'LL INSTALL THE PROGRAM
INTO THE PROCESSING
UNIT TOMORROW.
♪
Jack: THE DESIGN
PROGRAM WAS "STOLEN?"
WHOEVER TOOK IT MUST'VE
COPIED IT TO ANOTHER DRIVE
AND THEN DELETED IT FROM OURS.
OH.
I THINK WE'VE GOT
A FINGERPRINT AFTER ALL.
WHILE OUR CRIMINAL WAS
WAITING FOR THE DATA TO COPY,
HE TREATED HIMSELF TO
ONE OF OUR NOODLE CUPS.
-HE WHAT?
-WHAT A JERK!
IF WE CAN FIND AN EXACT
MATCH FOR THIS FINGERPRINT
IN THE SECURITY
BUREAU'S DATABASE,
THEN WE'LL KNOW
WHO OUR BAD GUY IS.
THEY'VE STARTED
TRACING US.
ONE MORE WALL
AND WE'RE INSIDE THE SYSTEM.
Duel Runner Computer:
WELCOME.
-ALL RIGHT!
-OH, YEAH!
Bruno: LET'S GET A MATCH
ON THAT FINGERPRINT.
-HIM?
-YOU KNOW HIM?
YEAH, HE'S WITH
THE PUBLIC SECURITY BUREAU.
HIS NAME'S LAZAR.
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
LAZAR?
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
WHY WOULD HE WANT TO STEAL
OUR ENGINE DESIGN PROGRAM?
I DON'T KNOW, YUSEI,
BUT COME ON, PROOF IS PROOF.
AND HIS PRINTS WERE
HERE SO THAT MEANS
HE MUST'VE BEEN HERE, TOO.
BUT HE'S, LIKE, A
NEW DOMINO BIG SHOT!
NOT EXACTLY THE BREAKING-
AND-ENTERING TYPE.
NO ONE'S GONNA
BELIEVE US.
YEAH, SO I SAY WE
GO FIND THE WEASEL
AND GET HIM TO CONFESS
THE CRIME, STRAIGHT UP!
BUT WHY WOULD HE CONFESS?
AFTER ALL,
IF THE GUY'S A THIEF,
THEN IT'S A SAFE BET HE'S
GONNA BE A LIAR AS WELL.
LOOK, IF HE STOLE
THE PROGRAM,
THEN HE'S GOTTA BE PLANNING
TO DO SOMETHING WITH IT.
WHAT IF WE WERE
TO FOLLOW HIM?
AND THEN WHAT?
THEN IF HE DOES
SOMETHING SUSPICIOUS,
WE JUST GRAB HIM!
RIGHT AND CATCH HIM
RED-HANDED WITH OUR PROGRAM!
I LIKE IT.
GREAT, I'LL FIND OUT
WHERE HE IS NOW.
WHAT?
BRUNO, THIS PROGRAM IS ABOUT
MORE THAN JUST LINES OF CODE.
IT'S ABOUT OUR DREAMS, IT'S
ABOUT THE BOND WE ALL SHARE.
I KNOW...
THEN YOU KNOW THAT WE HAVE
TO GET IT BACK AT ANY COST!
♪
[DEVIOUS LAUGHTER]
AS REQUESTED,
MY MOST EMINENT DIRECTORS,
I HAVE FETCHED
YOU THE PROGRAM.
Primo: AND YOU'RE CERTAIN
NO ONE CAN TRACE
THIS THEFT BACK TO US?
WHY, OF COURSE!
YUSEI AND THOSE DIM-WITS
PROBABLY STILL
DON'T KNOW IT'S GONE!
YOU HAVE
NOTHING TO FEAR!
VERY WELL.
NOW THEN, DELIVER
THE PROGRAM TO ME.
NOW; BUT I WAS JUST
ABOUT TO GET LUNCH.
HOW ABOUT YOU GET
MOVING OR ELSE!
RIGHT,
MUCH BETTER IDEA.
Jack: YA THINK THIS BLOKE
IS EVER GONNA SHOW?
♪
OH, YEAH.
THERE HE IS!
♪
DRIVER, TAKE ME TO THE
DIRECTORS AND STEP ON IT!
HUH; WHAT IN THE WORLD...?
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT;
IT'S THEM!
COULD THEY BE ONTO ME?
BUT HOW?
NO MATTER--
I'LL SIMPLY GIVE THEM THE SLIP!
AND I KNOW JUST THE PLACE.
CHANGE OF PLANS, DRIVER.
TAKE THIS FIRST LEFT...
TO THE MALL!
♪
OOH, THIS IS PERFECT.
SO MANY PEOPLE, SO MANY SHOPS,
SO MANY PLACES FOR ME TO HIDE!
I'LL LOSE THOSE
SIMPLETONS IN NO TIME!
SO FAR SO GOOD.
NOTHING COULD DISTRACT ME
FROM DITCHING THESE DOLTS NOW!
I'M A MAN ON A MISSION!
A FIXTURE OF FOCUS.
OOH, LUNCH!
SHALL WE?
YEAH, LET'S GO GET HIM.
WITH PLEASURE!
AH--OH, MY!
LOOK AT ALL THESE FLAVORS.
I ALWAYS HAVE THE
HARDEST TIME CHOOSING.
WAIT A MINUTE,
I WON'T CHOOSE!
I'LL JUST ORDER
EVERY ONE OF THEM!
[STARTLED GASP]
♪
[STRUGGLING]
STOP;
UNHAND ME!
DON'T YOU NINCOMPOOPS
HAVE ANY IDEA WHO I AM?
ARGH!
SURE DO, YOU'RE THE GUY
WHO STOLE OUR PROGRAM.
SO GIVE IT BACK!
UH, WHAT PROGRAM IS THAT?
CUT THE ROUTINE!
WE FOUND YOUR
FINGERPRINTS IN OUR GARAGE.
WE KNOW THAT
YOU WERE THERE!
-UH-OH.
-THAT'S RIGHT!
I GUESS THIS ISN'T
THE FIRST TIME
YOUR APPETITE GOT
YOU INTO TROUBLE!
THAT NOODLES TO GO-GO
WAS MINE BY THE WAY!
♪
WHEN WILL I LEARN?
I SHOULD CARRY SNACKS!
IT'S ECONOMICALLY PRUDENT
AND GREAT FOR WHEN
YOU'RE ON THE RUN.
SPEAKING OF...IT'S TIME
I RUN OUT ON THESE GUYS!
SORRY, GENTS, I'D
LOVE TO STAY AND CHAT,
BUT I'M ALL OUT OF BREATH!
[INHALES]
WHAT?
HEE HEE!
SEE YA ON THE FLIP SIDE!
TA-TA!
Jack: STOP!
Yusei: AFTER HIM!
♪
WHY WINDOW SHOP
WHEN YOU CAN WINDOW HOP?
[SCREAMING]
LAZAR MOVES PRETTY FAST
ON AN EMPTY STOMACH.
THIS WAY!
♪
HUH?
HMM.
HEH HEH HEH.
♪
COMING THROUGH!
OUTTA THE WAY!
'SCUSE ME!
WHERE IS HE?
I DON'T SEE HIM.
GRR...THERE!
[HUMMING]
AM I SEEING DOUBLE?
THAT GOES DOUBLE FOR ME!
[HUMMING]
LET'S GRAB 'EM!
♪
[SNEAKY LAUGHTER]
[HUMMING]
♪
COME ON,
LET'S SPLIT UP!
RIGHT!
♪
[HUMMING]
MAN, DOESN'T THIS
GUY EVER SLOW DOWN?
HUH?
[HUMMING]
LOOK, HE WENT
IN THE RESTROOM!
THERE'S NOWHERE
LEFT FOR HIM TO HIDE.
ALL RIGHT;
HE'S OURS NOW!
♪
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
WHERE COULD HE HAVE GONE?
♪
STOP!
OH!
♪
HUH; HOW DID HE...?
ENOUGH.
♪
OOH, YA!
WHA...
A TOY?
AND NOT JUST ANY TOY,
IT'S THE LATEST
IN REMOTE CONTROLLED
HOLO-MOBILE TECHNOLOGY.
THIS WHOLE TIME WE'VE
BEEN CHASING HOLOGRAMS.
WHILE THE REAL LAZAR
MADE A RUN FOR IT.
MM-HMM.
♪
HE'S HEADED
FOR THAT FACTORY.
HE SURE IS,
TALK ABOUT SUSPICIOUS.
YEAH, WHATEVER LAZAR'S
PLANNING ON DOING
WITH THAT PROGRAM
OF OURS HE SWIPED...
MY GUT'S TELLING ME THAT
HE'S GONNA DO IT RIGHT NOW...
SO LET'S GET READY
'CAUSE IT'S GO TIME!
RIGHT!
♪
AND THERE'S NO TELLING WHAT
WE'RE GONNA FIND IN THE PLACE.
♪
I SAY, ALL THIS CLOAK
AND DAGGER BUSINESS
IS SUCH A HASSLE.
I ENJOYED THINGS
SO MUCH MORE
WHEN I WAS RUNNING SINISTER
ERRANDS FOR DIRECTOR GOODWIN.
WELL, HERE I AM--
THE RENDEZVOUS...
BUT WHERE'S DIRECTOR PRIMO?
LATE AGAIN NO DOUBT.
Primo: YOU DARE YAWN
IN MY PRESENCE?
♪
YAWN?
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
I WAS SIMPLY
OPENING MY MOUTH
BECAUSE I'M IN SUCH A
STATE OF AWE AROUND YOU.
ANYWAY, SORRY
I'M A BIT LATE.
TRAFFIC WAS A BEAST,
YOU KNOW HOW IT IS.
BUT ENOUGH ABOUT ME...
YOU...WANT THIS!
HERE.
FINALLY, THE
PROGRAM IS MINE.
AND ALL OF ITS MIGHT!
HA HA, INDEED
IT IS, DIRECTOR!
AND IT WAS A
PLEASURE TO RISK MY NECK
TO MAKE SURE OF THAT.
AFTER ALL, GETTING
YOUR PRECIOUS PROGRAM
WAS NO EASY FEAT!
NOT THAT
I'M COMPLAINING,
BUT I HAD TO
SCALE WALLS,
JUMP OUT OF WINDOWS,
HACK THROUGH FIREWALLS.
YOU KNOW, KIND
OF DANGEROUS STUFF.
SO I WAS WONDERING...
WHAT'S IN THIS FOR ME?
I ACCEPT CASH
OR CREDIT CARDS.
♪
-DO YOU?
-YES.
I'M AFRAID NO
TRAVELER'S CHECKS THOUGH.
OH, WHAT THE HAY,
I GUESS IN YOUR CASE
I COULD MAKE
AN EXCEPTION.
AGH!
ALL RIGHT, THEN,
ACCEPT THIS, LAZAR.
YOUR REWARD IS
MY MERCY, YOU CLOWN,
AND I SUGGEST YOU TAKE IT.
[ALARM SOUNDS]
♪
HUH?
YOU WERE FOLLOWED.
NO, I WAS SURE
I SLIPPED THEM!
SLIPPED THEM?
THEN YOU KNEW?
AH, SPEAKING OF...
I'M SLIPPING
OUTTA HERE!
SO YOU'VE COME TO TAKE BACK
YOUR PROGRAM, HAVE YOU?
GOOD LUCK.
YOU'LL NEED IT
HERE IN MY DOMAIN.
♪
OH, CHECK IT OUT.
YOU EVER SEE A FACTORY
LIKE THIS ONE BEFORE?
IT'S LIKE SOMETHING OUT OF
THE INSIDE OF A SPACE SHIP.
YEAH, I NEVER EVEN
KNEW THIS PLACE EXISTED.
I WONDER WHAT IT
IS THEY BUILD HERE.
[SIREN]
HUH, IS THAT ALARM FOR US?
♪
THINK SO!
-RUN!
-GOOD IDEA!
♪
UH!
AH!
BRUNO!
BRUNO,
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
YEAH, YUSEI, I'M FINE!
JUST KEEP ON LAZAR!
YOU SURE?
WE COULD TRY AND PRY
OPEN THIS DOOR SOMEHOW.
FORGET IT,
YOU GO ON AHEAD.
I'LL RADIO JACK AND CROW!
ALL RIGHT.
♪
AH--UH!
AGH!
LAZAR!
UH-OH.
♪
ONCE I INSTALL THE PROGRAM
IT WILL BE TOO LATE
FOR THEM TO STOP ME.
BUT IN ORDER TO DO THAT,
I NEED TIME.
AND THAT'S WHERE
YOU COME IN, MY FRIEND.
♪
[TREMBLING]
AH!
GIVE US BACK
THE PROGRAM, LAZAR.
WHAT PROGRAM?
YOU MEAN, LIKE,
A TV PROGRAM?
SORRY, I DON'T
HAVE ANY OF THOSE.
ENOUGH!
UH!
HAND IT OVER
RIGHT NOW OR ELSE!
OR ELSE?
UH, ISN'T THAT
SOMETHING YOU SHOULD SAY
BEFORE YOU SLAM
A GUY INTO A WALL?
-THAT'S IT!
-AGH!
HUH?
♪
-AH!
-WHAT IS THAT?
♪
Guard Robot:
VISUAL AUTHENTICITY CONFIRMED.
YUSEI FUDO IDENTIFIED.
INITIATING PREMISES LOCKDOWN.
OH!
♪
PREMISES LOCKDOWN COMPLETE.
YUSEI FUDO,
THE ONLY WAY TO OVERRIDE
LOCKDOWN PROTOCOL SYSTEMS
IS BY DEFEATING ME IN A DUEL.
A DUEL?
THAT'S RIGHT, YUSEI.
AND SINCE I'VE INPUTTED
ALL YOUR BATTLE HISTORY
AND DUEL TACTICS INTO MY GUARD
ROBOT'S CENTRAL PROCESSOR...
I THINK YOU'LL FIND
DEFEATING HIM IS NO EASY TASK.
♪
WEIRD, I DON'T
REMEMBER THIS CORRIDOR.
HUH.
WELL, MIGHT AS WELL INVESTIGATE
WHILE I WAIT FOR THE OTHERS.
WAIT, SO UNLESS I CAN
BEAT THIS BOT IN A DUEL,
I'M GONNA BE STUCK HERE IN THIS
LITTLE FACTORY ROOM FOREVER?
NO, NOT JUST
YOU; ME, TOO.
AND SPENDING THE REST
OF MY LIFE HERE WITH YOU
DOESN'T SOUND
TOO APPEALING,
SO GET DUELING ALREADY!
COMPUTING ALTERNATIVE
OPTIONS FOR YUSEI FUDO
AND PROBABILITY OF
ACCEPTING DUEL CONDITIONS.
PROBABILITY IS 100%.
SEE; YOU'VE GOT
NO CHOICE BUT TO DUEL,
AND HE DID THE MATH!
ENOUGH OUTTA YOU!
AH!
AS MUCH AS I HATE TO
ADMIT IT, LAZAR IS RIGHT.
EVEN IF I GOT
THE PROGRAM BACK NOW,
IT WOULDN'T DO ME MUCH GOOD
LOCKED UP IN THIS ROOM.
IT'S CLEAR WHAT I HAVE TO DO.
ALL RIGHT THEN...
YOU WANT A DUEL?
YOU'VE GOT ONE!
♪
WHOA...WHERE AM I?
YOU'RE IN A PLACE
THAT YOU DO NOT BELONG.
HEY, WHO ARE YOU?
ARGH!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
MY HEAD!
OH...
YOU WILL NOT INTERFERE.
♪
NOW, THE TIME
HAS AT LAST COME
FOR YOU TO AWAKE, MY PETS.
THE TIME HAS COME
TO GIVE YOU LIFE.
♪
NEW DOMINO CITY
HAD ITS HANDS FULL
COPING WITH JUST
ONE DUEL BOT.
BUT WITH THOUSANDS
AND THOUSANDS
OF THEM NOW RUNNING...
THERE IS NO COPING.
THERE IS SIMPLY DOOM!
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
♪
IT IS TIME TO DUEL.
AND IF I PLAN TO
GET OUTTA THIS ROOM
IN TIME TO FIND
OUR PROGRAM,
I'D BETTER WIN AND FAST!
LET'S DO THIS!
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD ONE FOR ONE!
NOW, BY SENDING SPEED
WARRIOR TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON
THIS MONSTER--
LEVEL 2 LEVEL EATER--
FROM MY DECK TO THE
FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE!
NEXT I SUMMON OUT JUNK
SYNCHRON FROM MY HAND!
♪
THEN, THANKS TO
JUNK SYNCHRON'S ABILITY,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON SPEED
WARRIOR FROM THE GRAVEYARD
TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NOW LEVEL 3
JUNK SYNCHRON
TUNE WITH LEVEL 2
SPEED WARRIOR!
♪
FROM TWO COME ONE,
AND FROM ONE WILL
COME GREAT POWER!
WATCH AS THEY
MERGE THEIR MIGHT,
COMBINE THEIR COURAGE
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON...
JUNK WARRIOR!
♪
OH, MY!
A SYNCHRO SUMMON
ON THE VERY FIRST TURN?
WE'LL BE OUT OF
HERE IN NO TIME!
THERE'S MORE;
SINCE THERE'S A LEVEL 2
OR BELOW MONSTER
ON MY FIELD,
JUNK WARRIOR'S ATTACK
POINTS NOW INCREASE
BY THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THAT MONSTER!
SO...SINCE
LEVEL EATER HAS 600,
JUNK WARRIOR GAINS 600!
FINALLY, I'LL END MY
TURN WITH A FACE DOWN.
OF COURSE.
THAT'S WHY HE SUMMONED OUT
THE LOWLY LEVEL EATER--
SO HE'D GAIN
THE ATTACK POINT BONUS!
WELL DONE, YUSEI!
THE PROBABILITY OF YUSEI FUDO
INITIATING A SYNCHRO SUMMONING
DURING THE FIRST TURN
OF A DUEL IS...45%.
NOW CONFIGURING
RETALIATORY STRATEGY.
SAY WHAT?
I DON'T LIKE
THE SOUND OF THIS.
TO COUNTER,
THE ACTION I MUST TAKE
DURING THE SECOND
TURN OF PLAY
IS TO NEUTRALIZE
HIGH-LEVEL MONSTERS!
WHAT?
MY TURN.
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL LEVEL LIMIT-AREA B!
DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF LEVEL LIMIT-AREA B,
ALL LEVEL 4-AND-HIGHER
MONSTERS ON THE FIELD
MUST SWITCH FROM ATTACK
MODE TO DEFENSE MODE.
WHA...
AH; POORLY DONE, YUSEI.
ALL THAT WORK
TO BRING OUT A SYNCHRO
AND NOW YOU CAN'T
EVEN USE HIM.
WE'LL NEVER
ESCAPE THIS ROOM!
ARGH.
I NOW PLACE 3 CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
ONE ROUND DOWN AND THAT BOT
DIDN'T EVEN THROW ONE MONSTER.
I'M STARTING
TO THINK THIS DUEL
IS MORE ABOUT BUYING
TIME THAN BEATING ME.
BUT STILL, IT'LL TAKE
MORE THAN THAT LEVEL LIMIT
TO LIMIT MY PLAY.
AFTER ALL, IF LEVEL 4
MONSTERS CAN'T ATTACK...
I'LL JUST GO LOWER!
IT'S MY TURN!
AND FIRST I PLAY
GRACEFUL REVIVAL!
THANKS TO
THIS TRAP CARD,
I GET TO SELECT ONE
LEVEL 2-OR-BELOW MONSTER
IN MY GRAVE AND SUMMON
IT IN ATTACK MODE!
YES, I KNEW
YOU COULD DO IT, YUSEI.
NOW SPEED WARRIOR IS BACK!
HUH?
THE PROBABILITY
OF YUSEI FUDO
SUMMONING A MONSTER
TO COUNTERACT
THE SPELL CARD LEVEL
LIMIT-AREA B IS 98%.
HUH?
NOW ACTIVATING
ANTICIPATORY SAFEGUARD--
THE COUNTER TRAP
MALFUNCTION.
BY PAYING 500 LIFE POINTS,
THE ACTIVATION OF
YOUR TRAP CARD IS NEGATED,
AND IT IS RETURNED BACK
TO ITS ORIGINAL STATE.
NOW, BECAUSE I WAS ABLE TO
SUCCESSFULLY COUNTER YOUR CARD,
I AM ALLOWED TO
SUMMON LOCK DRAGON
TO THE FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE!
Duel Runner Computer:
LOCK DRAGON IS A LEVEL 3
DARK ATTRIBUTE
DRAGON-TYPE MONSTER
WITH ZERO ATTACK POINTS
AND 2000 DEFENSE POINTS.
YUSEI FUDO, WHILE LOCK
DRAGON IS OUT ON THE FIELD
AND POSITIONED
IN DEFENSE MODE,
ANY AND ALL SPECIAL
SUMMONS YOU ATTEMPT
DURING THE COURSE OF YOUR TURN
ARE AUTOMATICALLY NEGATED,
CANCELED OUT,
DENIED, NULL AND--
YEAH, OKAY, I THINK
I GET THE POINT.
-VOID.
-BUT THAT MEANS
YUSEI WON'T BE ABLE
TO USE SYNCHROS!
AND THAT MEANS...
HE WON'T BE ABLE TO PLAY
HIS VERY BEST MONSTER,
STARDUST DRAGON!
GUESS I HAVE TO ADMIT IT.
IN THE DUEL BATTLE
BETWEEN MAN AND MACHINE,
THIS ROUND GOES
TO THE MACHINE.
INCORRECT; THIS
ROUND IS NOT YET OVER.
HUH?
I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP COUNTER FORCE.
DUE TO THE ACTIVATION OF
THE PREVIOUS COUNTER TRAP,
COUNTER FORCE
GAINS ONE COUNTER.
THEN WHEN I ELECT TO REMOVE
COUNTER FORCE FROM PLAY,
IT WILL DEAL DAMAGE TO YOU
EQUAL TO THE NUMBER
OF COUNTERS IT HAS
MULTIPLIED BY 1,000.
♪
AGH, WAIT!
THE MORE COUNTERS IT HAS,
THE MORE DAMAGE IT GIVES?
THEN ONCE IT HAS ENOUGH TO TAKE
DOWN ALL OF YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS
IT'LL BE GAME OVER!
SO MUCH FOR THIS ONE
ROUND GOING TO THE MACHINE.
UNLESS I CAN GET
MY GAME ON AND QUICK...
THAT BOT'S GONNA
WIN THE WHOLE DUEL!
AND I'M GOING TO BE
STUCK IN THIS ROOM
FOREVER!
♪